yo guys what is up ninja jump into a
game real quick we're gonna get dumped
into lowes shit maybe not oh my god
they're stupid all right so all these
kids are probably going to have recon
sitrep camp over there by the what's it
called the supplies area
bird let's go so apparently they buffed
the ump excuse me apparently they buffed
you on Pete I haven't really noticed the
difference to be honest I even tried
running it with a silencer to see if it
felt like it killed anybody cooker and
no definitely not okay yep pretty sure
they're going okay okay you're dead
mom know about
there's three left all right probably
going to start come beat
alright bombs Abby
I to left
don't know bomb still down or if they
went took a day
get shit on
I'll take that five min oh
no I'm definitely going to get recon
door something skids probably pissed
all right I'm gonna push be again all
right I got one other guy coming with me
it looks like it's a little priest on
over here like I should have totally
killed me he's just bad that's all that
is just bad kid being bad right
och dude really don't like this position
that I'm in right now
wat what there was to right there that's
pretty fucking funny that is pretty
funny
while all right now this is about I've
been getting games like this all week
and then it just goes downhill super
quickly something super quick like
they're probably going to go be this
time but you're gonna expect me to be
going be this time so we're gonna try
something different no my god get me in
here move
to left
one left
huh
all right I still got to get better
talking during this but like I don't
know when I play I get so far like in
the zone that I don't know don't really
talk about what I'm doing I guess
I think I'm just gonna try to push a
idea and as long as nobody gets in my
way if you catch them coming out of
barrel room pretty quickly
you did
right where is last kid oh there's three
fuck it in
No
I want this last kid dude or is he huh
get the deck 17 and 0 do and wow wow wow
wow wow alright guys well it's kind of
funny but seriously like the best game
I've had in a couple days so yeah if you
enjoyed the video let me know in the
comments below I love you guys thanks
for watching as always and I'm out bye